(bright music)
[Izzy] And now for the
Digimon Encyclopedia.
Agumon.
A curious Digimon who
really loves eating.
Agumon uses pepper breath
and his sharp claws to
fight off his enemies.
What makes him such a
good partner for Tai?
Because Agumon and Tai
are bound by such a
strong friendship,
they're perfectly in
sync with each other.
That strong bond may lead to
some unexpected consequences
one day.
(electronic beeping)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] The journey continues
as the children search
for the Celestial Digimon
who are key to ending
Tokyo's blackout.
Thanks to Ikkakumon,
Tai and his friends manage to
cross the Digital World's Sea
and reach a new land.
But what awaited them
there were attacks
from a fortress
built on the shore.
(dramatic music)
(bullets exploding)
Just when all hope
seems to be lost,
Matt and his partner,
Gabumon, appear,
and reunite with Tai and
the rest of the group.
(dramatic music)
In order to find out
who's been targeting them,
the six Digi-destined
children work together
against their common enemy.
After a long and arduous fight,
the children are
able to break through
the opponent's defenses and
neutralize the enemy fortress.
(dramatic music)
Once inside, Tai begins
decoding a mysterious message,
and he realizes...
(dramatic music)
-This is-
-Huh?
(dramatic music)
This is about the
Celestial Digimon.
[Reporter] We're coming
to you live from Tokyo
where we're about to
experience the first evening
during this mysterious
power outage.
As you can see, all
city lights are out
except for self-generated
facilities.
We are in total darkness.
The government has
named this incident
the metropolitan
power loss disaster
and they are asking
people to stay indoors.
(TV static crackling)
(wings flapping)
(sonic beeping)
I ordered you to eliminate
the Digi-destined.
Nevertheless, do not worry.
I will send new
soldiers to do the job.
So be sure to complete
your mission next time.
If you do not, you will
know the consequences
that you will face.
(dramatic music)
(Ogremon growling)
(Ogremon screaming)
(air whooshing)
It says, "The Celestial Digimon
is within our hands of darkness.
And now that power is..."
"Within our hands?"
They must have been captured.
Captured by whom?
If it said, "Within our hands,"
it must mean the guys who
were in this fortress, right?
Does it say more?
Sorry, but I can't make out
the rest of the message.
I just can't read it.
So they captured the
Celestial Digimon,
and for some reason
they wanna kill us.
What could they possibly be
trying to gain from all this?
Beats me.
But if the Celestial
Digimon's captured,
we need a rescue plan fast.
But we don't even know where
to start looking for 'em.
Isn't that pretty obvious?
What? You know
where to go, Mimi?
It's somewhere on
this continent.
Gee, thanks.
But we need more info
than just somewhere.
Like some sort of map
or something like that.
I don't think a map is
gonna have our goal marked
with an X on it.
Hmm.
Considering this fortress
was built on the coast,
it's purpose must be
to prevent intruders
from ever making their
way onto the continent.
So their headquarters
must be further inland.
If the Celestial Digimon
did fall into enemy hands,
then that's where we look.
We know those other guys are
going to keep targeting us
no matter where we go.
So we beat them and force all
the info we can out of them.
[All] Hmm.
(exploding sound)
-Huh?
What's that?
(exploding sound)
(Ogremon growling)
(footsteps pattering)
Huh?
Huh!
Him again.
(dramatic music)
(Ogremon screaming)
(Tai gasping)
Evolve now!
(Ogremon snarling)
(suspenseful music)
What do you say?
Wanna take him on?
(Agumon grunting)
(footsteps pattering)
(Ogremon snarling)
(dramatic music)
(metal clanging)
(crunching sound)
(Ogremon screaming)
-Hey, what's going on?
-His aura's way too powerful!
No doubt about it.
That's gotta be Ogremon!
And he looks way
angrier than before!
Now I remember!
He's that green guy who
attacked us earlier!
Did he come back to
finish what he started?
What is it you want from us?
You came here
looking for a fight.
Consider it done.
So tell us, are
you with the guys
who captured the
Celestial Digimon?
(suspenseful music)
We fought.
I lost.
My horn, you broke.
Horn is greatest pride.
So that's it.
(dramatic music)
Guess he wants revenge.
Huh!
Fight again here.
I win.
Reclaim my pride.
(footsteps thudding)
-You're on, buddy.
-Hmm.
(rock music)
[Agumon] Agumon, digivolve to...
(singing in Japanese)
[Greymon] Greymon!
(Ogremon screaming)
(Ogremon snarling)
Look at Tai.
It looks like something
out of a movie.
(all gasping)
Come on, what now?
[Palmon] Ah!
Giant flying Digimon incoming,
and lots of 'em too!
[Gabumon] Those are Coredramon!
(Ogremon grunting)
(laser firing)
(all screaming)
Let's do this!
(singing in Japanese)
[Gabumon] Gabumon,
digivolve to...
(singing in Japanese)
Garurumon!
Ready, Biyomon?
Ah!
(all screaming)
You guys okay?
(ground exploding)
(Ogremon growling)
Howling Blaster!
(lasers firing)
(lasers pattering)
Feel the power of
Electro Shocker!
Hit 'em dead on!
How you like that?
Ha, Izzy!
Hey there, everyone!
(dramatic music)
Hey, they all waited for us.
Aw, shucks!
I can't believe I'm
finally here with you guys.
Ugh, that was rough.
If you need me, I'll
be taking a nap.
I'd feel that way too if I
flew the entire way here.
I can't thank you
enough, Tentomon.
Izzy, you're safe!
Pleasure to meet you, I'm Mimi.
My name's Joe and I'm
the leader around here.
Huh, what are you talking about?
(all gasping)
(electricity buzzing)
-Hurry up and evolve again!
-What, me?
Why don't you digivolve?
(laser firing)
Pummel Whack!
(air whooshing)
(exploding sound)
(Tai gasping)
Huh?
(suspenseful music)
(Ogremon growling)
Greymon.
Child.
(suspenseful music)
Our battle begins now!
(dramatic music)
(Ogremon growling)
[Joe] Look at that.
The Coredramon are fleeing.
What's wrong?
Had enough already?
[Tentomon] What are
you bragging about?
You didn't defeat 'em.
Huh?
Something on your
mind there, Izzy?
I don't get it.
Why did they just
give up so easily?
I have a feeling that wasn't
the last of the attacks.
(Ogremon snarling)
(Ogremon screaming)
(metal clanging)
(Ogremon snarling)
(suspenseful music)
(Ogremon screaming)
Greymon, now!
(Ogremon grunting)
(Tai grunting)
Huh?
(suspenseful music)
(Greymon growling)
(Greymon grunting)
(both grunting)
(Ogremon screaming)
(electricity buzzing)
(Ogremon chuckling)
(suspenseful music)
Whoa! The last
time they fought
wasn't nearly as
intense as this.
[Mimi] They had such fierce
looks on their faces earlier,
but now it kinda looks
like they're having fun.
Doesn't it?
(both grunting)
(electricity buzzing)
(thudding sounds)
(both grunting)
(suspenseful music)
Pummel Whack!
(Ogremon snarling)
Nova Blast!
(suspenseful music)
Huh?
(Ogremon grunting)
(suspenseful music)
(fortress exploding)
(all screaming)
(footsteps thudding)
Huh?
What in the world?
(suspenseful music)
(footsteps thudding)
(Joe gasping)
What is that thing?
I've never seen one
with my own eyes before.
This is bad.
We've got a behemoth
on our hands.
Garurumon, is that-
Yes, an ultimate Digimon.
Ultimate Digimon?
How... Wait.
That's right.
The voice that led us here said
all Digimon will grow,
mature, and become stronger.
So it makes sense that all
Digimon can reach a state
where they've completed
their digivolution!
(suspenseful music)
Let the death and
destruction begin.
(suspenseful music)
(electricity buzzing)
(all screaming)
(suspenseful music)
Greymon!
Get away from there!
(foot crashing)
(footsteps thudding)
(Tai gasping)
(suspenseful music)
(footsteps thudding)
(Greymon screaming)
(suspenseful music)
Greymon, no!
(Greymon crashing)
(Ultimate Digimon groaning)
So this is the power
of an Ultimate Digimon.
(Tai panting)
Agumon!
Just hang in there, buddy.
I gotcha.
(Agumon groaning)
(footsteps thudding)
(Tai gasping)
(Ogremon screaming)
I understand.
Bigger Digimon replace Ogremon.
(suspenseful music)
(Ogremon groaning)
Pummel Whack!
(Ogremon screaming)
(suspenseful music)
(dramatic music)
[Tai] Huh?
Go.
Celestial Digimon lies ahead.
Go straight, child.
Go straight ahead.
Thank you, Ogremon.
(all gasping)
(footsteps thudding)
(dramatic music)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai gasping)
(Ogremon grunting)
(Ogremon screaming)
What are you doing?
(dramatic music)
(Ogremon screaming)
(exploding sound)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Narrator] To open up a
path for their friends,
Tai and Agumon challenge the
ultimate enemy to battle.
[Tai] Next time, "The
Steel-Solid Super Digivolution."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.